I have killed countless, perfected the craft to the point where I need little prior preparation and minimal cleaning up and nothing could be traced back to me.

However, now two cases are haunting me: my first two cases, where I have not yet perfected the craft, and have misjudged a couple things. The police are on my tail and almost have enough evidence to pin me down for the two murders. I am confident my other murders would go unnoticed but my confidence has made me overlook one of the patterns, making myself somewhat traceable.

I have gotten a gun from the police, though I only fired one shot ever. I have killed numerous taxi drivers, drowned some people, killed some in a mall, and some more around an unspecified university, one more right outside of prison. I've killed too many, too many to even remember. I have downed my frequency a lot already. I haven't killed for 2 months already. Even though I plan to quit killing at all, I have found that the police is getting more and more evidence from the first two murders.

I remember some victims in excruciating details: how I met them, how I killed them, and how I made sure there was no evidence; others? already buried within the countless unremarkable kills. This is why I always feel guilty and have to run away in my dreams, feel uneasy in day-to-day life for no apparent reasons. Innocent people died, although most of them didn't suffer much as this was my standard. My actions are with no motives, which is a good thing to make yourself untraceable, I simply wanted the thrill of analysing the best way to remove as much evidence as possible, this is partly why I have never left anything in the crime scene since the first two. My sharp observation serves me well in helping me detect CCTV cameras as well as to look for other potential witnesses. Gunshots are among the most annoying one to clean up, that's the main reason why I hadn't used it more. Silencers are not as quiet as you would have hoped, the gunpowder smell, etc. Nightmarish to tidy up. The bullet gives little to no trace so there isn't really a need to pick it up. I have thought of giving them the chance to say some last words, to finish unfinished business, but then I found it too variable, and would be very inefficient so I evetually decided against it.

Leave as much as you can, and to only take what is absolutely necessary from the scene. Apart from my own spywork which alerted me to the evidence the police have against me, I have started to detect stalkers around me more and more often. Good thing I have stopped a while ago.

Anyway, the most solid evidence they have is arguably weak: my DNA sample found around in both scenes, literally nothing else really. By around I mean quite a bit of distance from the actual crime scene. Another thing I should have been more careful about, not just in the first two kills, is to go further to seek kills. So far my kills seem to be due to some weird curse that only affected those around me but not myself. I have told myself to stop though I am not certain that my urge wouldn't drive me to act once again.

Here is my confession, now you know what's happening. Sorry that I'm not who you think I am.