To die or not to die, that is a question.
To resign or not to, that is another question.
To succeed or not to, that is yet another question.

To die, to resign, to succeed. All is but a choice.
A choice we all have to make and one that none of us can escape from despite out greatest efforts.

To mere mortals, this may seem to be an unreachable level of existence, to choose what one wants and to reject what one doesn't.

If the choice is not in our hands, there shall be it. Leave what shall be left to fate, for that we cannot control everything, not even our own existence.

When you realise the game that we call reality is not a game of fairness and love, but one that reeks for blood and violence, you may very well be on your own, for the world shall turn against you.

Until one can achieve immortality, death and failure are unavoidable. With this knowledge equipped, shall we not be faithful of our own choices? Shall we not be faithful of our own fate? And the route we will eventually embark on?

To question is to learn, and to learn is to question. All of this is merely of a temporary existence, one that we all will leave behind one day.

But what if you say you don't want to? That you wish to stay? Forever?

In that case, if you wish not to leave, don't leave. Though our fate may be pre-determined, we shall strive for control nonetheless.

Fate may have decided your route, but it is your choice whether you accept and take the route fate has given you.

Learn that you cannot make mistakes, for that every mistake you have made and will ever make, is just a tool, a process, a stepping-stone, which will eventually guide you to ultimate success and immortality.

Have you made an irreversible mistake that you cannot endure the consequence of? Then change it. Twist reality. Bend space. Shape time itself to however you see fit. And by then you will have finally learnt what it means to live and to choose.

Life is but a game. A game of choices where we as the player must learn to overpower whoever created this abomination of a game.

Don't accept what you shouldn't.