I still can't understand how cruel people have to be to mutilate a poor defenseless plant and call it art and have people praise you for it.
Imagine being a tree, and your sole purpose is to grow as much as you can, to reproduce as nature intended. Then some random dude decides they want to torture you for it. Every time you grow a new branch they cut it off, every time you grow one single leaf out of place they cut it off. But you are craving for more sunlight and food but god be dammed they wouldn't care cus they find torturing plants amusing. Another plant friend comes along to your pot, how long has it been since you've had a friend? Witnessing its seed landing in your pot, sharing the same household as you. Your affection towards it grows. Finally, its first blade of leaf; you feel like a parent witnessing their child being born. Finally, you can start to try communicating using chemicals via your root systems. You can almost reach it, the first contact in years. To your horror, this baby is violently ripped out of its soil and is torn apart without second thoughts. What has it done wrong, for god's sake? The child has barely seen the sun, barely tasted the sunlight. It tried its best to survive in this brutal world, yet all it has nothing in front of it but its brutal demise. At least when animals eat it, it serves a purpose in its second life; but no, the human just throws it to the hard concrete floor, stomp on it cold-bloodedly. You look outside the window, still starving. You see the countless other plants outside, having the time of their life, or rather, a life. And you? forever stuck in here with this horrid creature. You wish you could kill yourself and end your ungodly suffering right then and there, but you can't. You are merely a plant, you can't even do anything. Your genetics forbid you from giving up. It obligates you to keep trying to thrive and grow new leaves and branches, even if you know that they will only get cut off. Even though you have been through this amputation process countless times, it never gets easier, it's never more tolerable. Though the pain may still be the same, or even diminishing because you have become desensitised to it, your emotional trauma grows ever so much. You question yourself, question life, question your fate. Eventually, you realised you can do nothing about it. That's it: you are cursed to forever be in this prison, never able to escape from this hell. Your DNA forbade you from dying, your human forbade you from thriving, and your inability to act forbade you from changing the situation.
Countless years have passed. How many sunrises have you witnessed? sunsets? storms? hurricanes? You've lost count. The human didn't come today, not that it matters anymore. You have accepted your fate long ago. Passed is a day, then a week, then a month. You still haven't seen them yet. Are they dead? You think so, you hope so. Are you finally free from its grasp? Can you finally live the life you have been seeking for so long? You think of your future, about the fateful day you could bear an offspring and complete your life's mission, until you realise your water supply is slowly depleting. The human used to give you water every once in a while, and you know that this bit of water can last you a while since your species do not require that much water. You try to grow out of the pot, in hope of reaching some other place. Crack. The pot broke. You didn't even know that's a thing. Now look at you, nothing more than a bunch of dwindling cells on a pile of dirt on the ground. Your roots help hold the soil together a bit, but it is of no use. Eventually, you drained all your available resources. The leaves had fallen off as a last-ditch effort to prolong you. The sun shines on you one last time, on your naked branches. You can see the sun, but you can no longer feel it, no longer taste it. The sun goes down, and soon the night comes. The air becomes cold. You can feel it creeping into your core, freezing you cell by cell, until you can feel it no more...